tell me what he does just trying to
figure this thing out
stop poking him just eat it well what
the heck is it Ricardo melons on it
let's let's egg that ricotta it doesn't
look like ricotta to construct the
ricotta what is deconstructed ricotta
and then nobody singing social capers I
think they do not look like you purrs
what are they do construct a cape
there's a first look check it out
there's no capers
you know your fish lasagna looks more
like ricotta to my plate does it's a
fancy restaurant
no sometimes they just appear can we
talk about what great service they have
the Ernie you've said about three times
they're probably little confused how is
everything folks really good thanks a
lot
why are we at such a point eat we place
anyway you know I'm perfectly happy
going to the Olive Garden I love their
breadsticks there's water treatment oh
my god I can't believe I didn't see this
before you want something from me I just
treat you to something nice without like
a reason no you're tricking me this is a
trick yes all right I might have some
material motor Oh spillin a nice stuff
your mouth full of food weather cables
are so delicious
I know whatever you are buttering me up
to have a baby how did you guess that
you adopted a dog three months ago you
knew because I adopted a dog people do
the adopted dog you know take it off our
test run see how it goes so handsome so
bad might as well on the kid and the
next thing you know you've conscripted
18 years a month I'm sorry 18 19 years
because somebody has to carry it okay I
see someone's still upset that pookums
chewed on the quilt that was my
great-grandmother's phone yes honey are
you telling me that's not a part of you
have a baby yes this part of me you know
what after the baby comes guess what
it's gonna be this part of me and this
part of me not to mention this part of
me yes okay but having a child was like
the greatest whose spirits you'll ever
have that's him
don't kill horse and the Petersons
Reader's Digest have you seen her kill
course lately because that is what a
baby does to you it is all wailing like
a banshee adept to sucking the life
right out of you
and then it's replaced with
unconditional love she got that from
readers diagnosed Michelle seriously are
you telling me that you don't want to
have a kid with me
okay Evan I'm sorry I will take you
seriously but you have to give me one
good reason we should have a choice
unconditional love you already get that
for me and the dog next the Kilgore's
for having kids
Peterson's my brother has a kid and
they're so happy really gonna use the
bandwagon fallacy to try to convince me
to impregnate myself okay all right
someone to take care of us we don't aim
all right that one's not so bad I mean
we should be putting more in our 401
mm-hmm that's not enough
that's not bad you get to create a
little version of yourself liking your
favorite TV shows making it do stuff for
you it's like having your own personal
Manchurian Candidate brainwashing is
intriguing mm-hmm
and there's so funny and they're
beautiful after year they're beautiful
like the most beautiful thing you'll
ever State
do you get that from Reader's Digest has
it bring your ball okay the line this up
here our life meaning make us better
people
but I hate kids I know presences but you
don't have your kids how do you know no
I have a serious suspicion that I'll be
one of those people that hits room
children
you won't I saw you with pocum's the
other day I know that you're mad cuz I
got him that asking you but hey you were
having fun sets don't mad about Nana's
quilt I know that doesn't mean you don't
like them yeah a day when I was working
in the office he called up at my feet
and Foley yeah we can make a kid do that
but it kids like a dog times 100 so I
know you better than anyone I'm telling
you you will love your kids or anything
okay I have a proposition for you we
will toss this coin heads will try to
have a baby
tails you don't bring it up again for
another year deal like a name of it